Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
This program will show the text "greetings," then ask a question and have a place for the answer
Now right click on the main1.py window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
There was a place for me to input and answer. After I hit enter there was nothing else for the computer to do, so it listed out the repository. No feedback
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
It was unable to know what to do with my answer so it just accepted it. 


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
contains an additional line of code that will print whatever is responded to the question
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
make the computer recognize that thatever is typed in the box should be printed as the color.
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
It did do what I expected and gave back the same response that was put in. 


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It gives two different reponses to the question, one for red and one for anything else.
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
They are directions to follow when the computer encouters a specific response. One is correct and one tells the reader to try again. 
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
They are secondary steps to follow only if the instance that came before them is true. 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
The computer counts it as an incorrect response to the question
What does this tell you about "color"?
It will only recognize the color if it is typed in exactly how it is typed in from the code. 


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main3.py. 
It gives two possible correct answers and solves the problem of a lowercase "red" being incorrect. Contains an "or" command.
What problem is this trying to solve? 
A lowercase red being counted as incorrect 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It is counted as incorrect


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
Make any form of capitalization in the correct answer acceptable 
What problem is it trying to solve? 
Different inputs of the correct answer being counted wrong due to capitalization. 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It is counted as incorrect


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
It adds a strip command 
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
Allowing spaces before or after the correct answer to be accepted
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
If the spaces are inbetween the letters


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
Adds an additional response to the answer pink which tells the reader they are close. 
What is the purpose of line 11? 
Allowing lower and uppercase answers and spaces before or after the correct response. 
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
Establishing the correct answer or response to the computer 
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
They are all operating under the assumption that collor=red and basing their responses off of line 11
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
The question would not be able to recognize a correct response
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
Establishing a condition the the rest of the code will follow
What is the purpose of “count”? 
To establish for the computer how many times the code has been ran
What is happening on line 22? 
Line 22 outlines the response that the computer will give after so many attempted responses. 
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?
Yes.